Resize volume by changing pvc size if enabled in config. (#958)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/reference/operator_parameters.md

  of stateful sets of PG clusters. The default is `ordered_ready`, the second
  possible value is `parallel`.

* **storage_resize_mode**
  defines how operator handels the difference between requested volume size and
  actual size. Available options are: ebs - tries to resize EBS volume, pvc -

>   changes PVC definition, off - disables resize of the volumes. Default is "off".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  changes PVC definition, off - disables resize of the volumes. Default is "ebs".
  When using OpenShift please use on of the other options.
```

  of stateful sets of PG clusters. The default is `ordered_ready`, the second
  possible value is `parallel`.

* **storage_resize_mode**
  defines how operator handels the difference between requested volume size and
  actual size. Available options are: ebs - tries to resize EBS volume, pvc -
  changes PVC definition, off - disables resize of the volumes. Default is "ebs".

>   When using OpenShift please use on of the other options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When using OpenShift please use one of the other available options.
```
